welcome to the man of recaps this is the
mandalorian season two episode two we
begin where we left off on tatooine
mando and baby yoda speeding through the
desert you gotta watch out though for
random desert bandits with a rope oh
speeder crash baby yoda hitting the
ground
he's gotta fight all these dudes off
draftwa grab the gun bam but this one
guy gets baby owed a hostage and mando's
like whoa don't hurt him take whatever
you want this guy decides he wants
mando's jet pack
cool i mean good choice except mando
still has the controls so he turns it on
and blasts this guy
into the sky yeah don't mess with baby
yoda unfortunately his speeder's busted
so it's a long walk back to mos
eisley cantina he meets back up with his
mechanic friend who's playing cards with
a giant dad alien turns out this ant
alien knows someone who knows someone
who knows where mandalorians are it is a
frog
lady she's carrying a backpack full of
her eggs she needs to passage one system
over to where her husband is and it's
him who's seen mandalorians there but
they can't just light speed going into
hyperspace messes with her eggs they
need to take the slow way while they're
cruising baby yoda's checking out these
frog eggs you know he loves to eat frogs
and he loves the eggs too oh baby yoda
no
bad baby yoda those are like sentient
creatures that's not cool
i mean it is a little funny though but
they soon run into trouble it's a couple
new republic x-wings this is basically a
routine traffic stop his transponders
out needs to get that fixed but it's not
broken mendo has his transponder off
because he is technically wanted
yeah in episode 6 last season when he
did the prison break with the evil
guardians of the galaxy even though
mando ended up being the good guy it was
very illegal so it's kind of funny as
man was trying to talk his way out of a
ticket
may the force be with you and also with
you
but soon they realize something's up so
mando makes a run for it he tries to
lose him in the nearest planet flying
through the clouds does the classic
engine shut off frog ladies going whoa
then down into the ice trench awesome
chase scene finally mando
loses on unfortunately this ice not very
stable and oh
they fall down into it the ship is
pretty badly damaged is baby yoda okay
oh he's fine he's just snacking on more
eggs no
bad amanda's like yo there's nothing we
can do right now it's nap time but this
frog lady won't have it she reprograms
the droid mando shot last season so she
can talk through him she's like yo my
eggs are freezing out here get your butt
into gear mister and fulfill your part
of the bargain so mando gets to work
fixing up the ship but baby yoda comes
out like yo frog lady took off into the
cave turns out she found an awesome hot
spring yeah that's great for her
baby yoda tries to eat more of the eggs
it's like please stop that
so dejected he goes on a little walk but
turns out there's a bunch of eggs around
here
hey why not time for breakfast
unfortunately those are spider eggs and
yeah you can see where this is going
oh no they're all hatching a little baby
spiders and not just baby spiders but
some bigger spiders and one
big mama giant alien ice spider monster
they run the hell out of there the tone
shifted real quick on like a funny
episode
into horror the big mama's the biggest
problem so amanda pulls out some blast
charges and boom explosion
oh he got it but there's still a million
little babies mando's picking them off
one by one
mando if it was ever the time to use
your flamethrower it is right now they
make it back to the ship
but there's still too many oh they're
inside he's gonna have to burn this
whole ship and buy a new one they
finally make it to the cockpit more
flamethrower yes kill it with fire
luckily he fixed the ship enough to get
out of this cave but oh
big mama survived tackles the ship oh no
this thing's terrifying but wait what's
this laser fire outside
oh someone's taking out all the spiders
it is the new republic x-wings here to
save mando's butt they're like hey man
we ran your place saw you were involved
in this prison break so there's a
warrant out for your arrest but we read
the whole report saw that you prison
broke one but actually put the other
three away
plus when they killed that one guard we
saw the tapes you tried to stop it am i
under arrest
technically you should be but these are
trying times he's like hey guys thanks
for being cool about it you want to help
me fix my ship but they're like yo
no you're on your own for that and x
wings peace out of there so mando
manages to get the ship fixed up
barely frog ladies like yo this little
cute guy keeps staring at my eggs and
licking his lips i'm just gonna hold him
tighter here but baby yoda already
grabbed one last snack
oh what a little rascal and that's how
the episode comes to an end
if you like this recap hit that
subscribe button for more of the best
recaps of tv and movies and if you loved
this recap check out the join button and
support the channel as a member